Introduce issue templates (#1400)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2_bug_report.md

---
name: Report a bug or a performance issue
about: Use this template to report unexpected behavior
title: ''

> labels: ''

Author: ```suggestion
labels: 'bug'
```

assignees: ''
---

# Summary

> Provide a short summary of the issue. Sections below provide guidance on what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a short summary of the issue. 
See the sections below
```

> factors are considered important to reproduce an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for factors important for the reproduction of an issue.
```

# Version

> Report oneTBB version that is used to reproduce the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report oneTBB version used to reproduce the problem.
```

# Environment

> Please provide any environmental details that you deem significant for reproducing the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide any environmental details that you consider significant for reproducing the issue.
```

> The following information could be important:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information is important:
```

> * HW you use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware
```

* OS name and version
* Compiler version

> # Observed behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Observed Behavior
```

Document behavior you observe.

> # Expected behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Expected Behavior
```

Document behavior you expect.

> # Steps to reproduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Steps To Reproduce
```

> Please check that the issue is reproducible with the latest revision on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that the issue is reproducible with the latest revision
```

> master. Include all the steps to reproduce the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the master branch. Include all the steps to reproduce the issue.
```
